c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\OpenDataApi.dll.config
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\OpenDataApi.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\OpenDataApi.pdb
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\obj\Debug\OpenDataApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\obj\Debug\OpenDataApi.dll
c:\users\seamusd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\obj\Debug\OpenDataApi.pdb
c:\Users\seamusd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\Users\seamusd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\Users\seamusd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\OpenDataApi.dll.config
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\OpenDataApi.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\OpenDataApi.pdb
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\obj\Debug\OpenDataApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\obj\Debug\OpenDataApi.dll
C:\Users\shaydoc\Source\Repos\OpenDataApi\OpenDataApi\obj\Debug\OpenDataApi.pdb
